                                                                           PRIVACY POLICY FOR DODGE TILL INFINITY

This privacy policy governs our use of the game, Dodge Till Infinity, for mobile devices that was created by LADev. Dodge Till Infinity is based on the classic genre of dodging the obstacles

Dodge Till Infinity by no means collects the user's data or precise information about the location of your mobile device.

We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how Dodge Till Infinity is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in Dodge Till Infinity which helps us keep Dodge Till Infinity free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by Dodge Till Infinity, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. 

This app is mainly targeted to children below the age of 13 years but we assure you that no private data will be taken/stolen.

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information to operate, develop, or improve Dodge Till Infinity. 

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.

By playing Dodge Till Infinity, you are consenting to our processing of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand-held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining, and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed, and stored there under United States privacy standards. 

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the  Dodge Till Infinity, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at ladev7900@gmail.com
